Explain a caveat on reCaptcha sitekey registration (#28755)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-recaptcha-input/amp-recaptcha-input.md

This extension adds a parameter containing a recaptcha response token when a parent `<form>` element submits. `amp-recaptcha-input` does this by creating an iframe to load the reCAPTCHA v3 api script using the provided site key, and calling `grecaptcha.execute` with the provided site key and action.

### Prerequisite

> Like how you integrate reCaptcha on a regular web page, you will need go through steps as described in the [official documentation of reCAPTCHA v3](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/v3).
> High level, you will need to register a sitekey, and setup a server endpoint that can process the recaptcha signal sent from your AMP page.

Reviewer: Is there a reason to insinuate that AMP documents are not regular web pages?

```suggestion
Integrating reCaptcha for any document on the internet requires several steps, as described in the [official documentation for reCATPCHA](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/v3).
There are several steps, but generally this requires registering a sitekey, and setting up a server endpoint that can process the recaptcha signal sent from an AMP or other HTML document.
```

> High level, you will need to register a sitekey, and setup a server endpoint that can process the recaptcha signal sent from your AMP page.

Reviewer 2: Is there a difference between "recaptcha" and "reCaptcha"? Otherwise I'd recommend consistent casing for this.

Author: renamed all occurrences to reCAPTCHA

> High level, you will need to register a sitekey, and setup an server endpoint that can process the recaptcha signal sent from your AMP page.

Reviewer 3: nit: s/an/a

> One caveat to be aware when registering a sitekey: you will need to provide all the hostnames that you plan to use this sitekey. `your.com` and `www.your.com` are treated as different host names.

Reviewer: Is it `hostnames` or `host names` in this and other documents?

```suggestion
One caveat to be aware when registering a sitekey: you will need to provide all the hostnames that you plan to use this sitekey. For instance, `your.com` and `www.your.com` are treated as different hostnames.
```

> This is one little thing that is different in AMP (for non-AMP, `your.com` and `www.your.com` are treated as the same). See this [issue](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/22279) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this is different than the configuration for general HTML documents. See this [issue](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/22279) for more details.
```

> This doc will focus more on how recaptcha is configured on AMP.

Reviewer 2: Same here: "recaptcha" vs. "reCaptcha"
